Clarifying how Page events are sent to Optimizely [DOC-1161] (#7819)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/optimizely-web/index.md

### Page

> Segment maps `page` calls to its own `track` events. When you call `analytics.page('<name>')`, Segment automatically converts it into a track call with the formatted event name `Viewed <name> Page`. For example, `analytics.page('Home');` becomes `analytics.track('Viewed Home Page');`. This event is then forwarded to Optimizely as a custom event named `Viewed Home Page`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment maps Page calls to it `track` events. When you call `analytics.page('<name>')`, Segment automatically converts it into a Track call with the formatted event name `Viewed <name> Page`. For example, `analytics.page('Home');` becomes `analytics.track('Viewed Home Page');`. 

This event is then forwarded to Optimizely as a custom event named `Viewed Home Page`. To capture this event in Optimizely, you’ll need to define a Custom Event with the matching API name.
```
